---
title: 15 September
description: ""
date: 2003-09-15
permalink: 2003/09/15/journal/
author: Cindy
comments: []
type: Journal
---


#### Take time out with Jane + Mary - Steam

Said farewell to Dr Finan. She has seen the arrival of all of you and looked after us since we have lived in York E + I were sad to say goodbye.

A lovely busy week.

Edward has booked a flight, hotel + visit to James + Emma in Amsterdam over my birthday. Very exciting. We are now looking through the guidebook to plan what we want to see. Really looking forward to some time together - travelling again... lovely.

John, Rose + Toby will have the pleasure of granny + grandpa looking after you - always nice.

E has a job at Tregellasis(?) as a teaching assistant - it is quiet here today and very strange being on my own. I think I'm rattling around a bit.\
Will cycle along the river in a min. - one of my very favourite things to do - to buy a recorder for Rose, theatre tickets for Swan Lake ballet and provisions for the Arc Light puddings.

Had a sauna + steam in Harrogate yesterday with Jane + Mary. Travelled by train - much more relaxing than car - and spent a good two hours getting hot and sweaty and plunging into cool water. We were the only 3 in the place for the last hour. It was very calm + still.\
Betty's for carrot + orange soup afterwards.\
Just met you all leaving Grandpa's and we walked home together.

Saw 'Calendar Girls' with Chris Hughes on Saturday, couldn't get tickets for the 7:15 so bought for the 9:15 and both came back here. Chris made you all giggle - I've noticed this lately, she is always fun with you all and you love it. We set to and came up with a Penn Group activity, made a leaf shape brooch when she then wore to the City Screen.

E, you are low on this day and it makes me sad to know it is because of me. I love you.

Sunday lunch with L + M, Andy and Jane.

Then Jane takes you all for a swim. Toby + John have been big time bickering and I have to make sure you both understand to stay together in the changing rooms. Jane said you had a great time together!!\
And so it will be, I suspect, you will ultimately always look out for each other and most of the time will like each other.

Off I go now on my bike. Lovely sunny day. Lovely, lovely.
