---
title: 26 September
description: ""
date: 2003-09-26
permalink: 2003/09/26/journal/
author: Cindy
comments: []
type: Journal
---

(I think the date's right)

#### Have dinner with old friends; Jane Moll + Jean Grant

#### Take Toby to the theatre "Single Spies"

#### Spend an evening with Edward

I have left my diary at home and am sitting in the gym club. John is attending the Friday invitation class and I have a pile of reading matter and this diary. Also am indulging in mini-smarties and coffee.

Have had a busy time since last writing. I am amazed how quickly the days go by and left wondering how I ever managed to fit everything in when I was working.

I like being at home looking after the school runs, tea and other domesticy things. The freedom to meet up with friends or go shopping is great. Getting up later is good for me and not having to work in the evening is wonderful.

Last weekend John had his first weekend away at Barmoor with Meeting. A mixed excitement for John. The Friday evening saw a fatal motorbike accident at Stockton-on-the-Forest and we sat for over an hour in traffic. Oscar gave us a running commentary about possible routes. Took the back route as darkness fell and rain lashed against the windscreen. Messed a turing and finally arrived at Barmoor 2 1/2 hours later - took me 50mins to get back.

Settled John + Oscar into the bedroom and you bounded off John to join the group. I wanted to give you a goodbye hug and kiss. You would have nothing of it - who can blame you - but you looked a bit anxious. I decided to leave quickly before one of us got upset.

You had a wonderful weekend. Another experience in independence and a great feeling for you to be in control of your own time.

Toby spent Friday evening + Saturday with a friend, Josh Cole. A really nice boy from school. You both had a good time: car boot, town, computer. We then went to the theatre. Pouring with rain so we drove.\
Quite a sophisticated play and not a lot of action. Burgess + Blunt were the focus. 2 short plays and it really would have helped had we read the background - one play where I should have bought a programme.\
You fell asleep in part 2 + snored!! Had to give you a nudge and work hard to stop myself giggling. Lovely to have time out together, you are such good company Toby.

Picked Rose up from Eleanor's on Sunday teatime. We cycled together across Scarcroft Green you Rose chatting happily about your afternoon with Eleanor. You are so happy and confident. I'm so glad!

Popped into Sam's for coffee on Tuesday morning - left 3 hours later. She is good to tak with and to just spend time with. However, she does have 2 jobs - no 3 - and I mustn't distract her from what she has to do.

Missed E at lunchtime

Had coffee with Chrissy Dell on Wednesday and lunch with Cathy Holman on Thursday - truly a "lady that does lunch".

Popped in to see Swea this morning. Nice to sit and talk with her rather than her doing my cleaning. Her mum died last week and she is sad but realistic and with a good sense of humour.

Came home to have lunch with Edward. The end of a rather boring week at Tregellis for you. You are taking Rose off to a puppet show this evening and then we can have some time together.
