---
title: Memories of Cindy
description: ""
date: 2006-10-03
permalink: 2006/10/03/memories-of-cindy/
tags:
  - Cindy
author: Edward
comments: []
type: Blog
---

Cathy Holman and Chris Hughes wrote this wonderful piece about Cindy for
the Meeting Book of Memories.

**Cindy Tarrant**
{: align="center"}

It was a real gift and a pleasure in our lives to have been a friend of
Cindy Tarrant.

Cindy was born on the 9th of October 1961, the middle daughter of Pat
and Maurice. Her sister, Jayne was 2 years older and Mandy 4 years
younger. Cindy lived in a house by the sea, which her father had built
and her love of the sea remained with her throughout her life. Cindy
cycled 4 miles daily to her primary school and moved onto secondary in
Chichester. She attended two sixth forms in order to study for the A
levels she was most interested in. Cindy always enjoyed sewing and
knitting and made many of her own clothes. Cindy went on to the
University of Surrey, the first person in her family to go to
University. She was determined to follow a career path which she knew
was for her and all her life took a pride in furthering her knowledge
and skills in Home Economics and teaching. During her finals Cindy
managed to fit in making her sister\'s wedding dress.

Following her degree and her teaching qualification Cindy worked at
Sarah Bonnell School in Newham. Cindy loved the work and enjoyed being a
member of a hard working team however her love for travelling won out
and she began a round the world journey with a good friend, Karen
Cseleda. She was always ready to meet new people, travel to new places
and was optimistic and cheerful about the future. They travelled through
India, Nepal, Tibet, China and Hong Kong arriving in Australia. She made
connections with people and formed relationships which endured the
years, despite years of little contact. Cindy worked in Australia in the
catering industry before heading off to travel again. She met Edward on
her travels and they wandered Asia together, meeting many people who
were touched by her flair and energy but also by her friendship and
care.

They returned to this country for a while and Cindy took up her teaching
before heading off again with Edward to South East Asia and Australia.
Whilst in Australia Edward applied and was accepted to study at York
University and they planned to have children once Edward graduated.
However the children did not wait that long to arrive and Toby was born
in 1991. Cindy got a temporary job while pregnant and worked after the
birth of Toby and after the births of John and Rose. Cindy worked long
hours with travelling on top and she did a lot of the work around the
house. She did this all with good humour and grace.

Meeting for Worship and Quakers became very important to Cindy, having
attended at Westminster when she was working in Newham. When she and
Edward moved to York they began attending at Acomb Meeting, which they
found friendly and welcoming. They moved to worship at Friargate Meeting
following the birth of Toby. Cindy and Edward were married in Friargate
on 22nd August 1992. Cindy was a valued member of the Friargate
community and had a clear sense of her own spiritual beliefs. She was
loved by many. Her wonderful laugh, her dismissal of pomposity or
verbosity and her readiness to contribute, enriched our communal life
beyond measure. Cindy was never daunted by tasks, no matter their nature
or size. Cindy just got on with things. Her cooking and baking were
sublime and the residents at the Arc Light project for the homeless
regularly thanked Quakers for and commented on her sticky toffee
pudding. Cindy took on the jobs no one wanted, including running the
Link group, organising rotas and spending many Sunday mornings in crÃ¨che
or Fox group. She organised numerous meals at Barmoor, enlivened the
knitting and book groups and gave us much to think about. She could make
things so easily, be it a wedding dress or costumes for John\'s dance
company. Cindy was hospitable and was really good at connecting with
people. She had many friends.

Cindy loved clothes and especially shoes; she adored good coffee and
food, loved parties, enjoyed electronic gadgets and was such fun to be
with. At the age of 36 and with children aged 6, 2 and 1, Cindy was
diagnosed with lung cancer. She had a lung removed followed by
radiotherapy and it looked for several years that the cancer had gone.
Unfortunately it returned and Cindy faced her illness and the treatment
with such an enormous amount of courage and bravery, it left us all
staggering.

Cindy was a wonderful mother. She was immensely proud of all her three
children, loved them dearly and was determined to continue treating them
exactly as she always had, despite knowing that she would not live long.
Her love for Edward was clear and as they both struggled at times
through some of the horrors of Cindy\'s illness we could see how
important this was to get them through.

What more to be said - she was hopeless at receiving presents and I
suppose compliments too. It is hard to accept that Cindy, our energetic,
inspirational, fun-loving, giggly, loving, thoughtful, giving, caring
friend has gone and is not coming back. She had so much to offer and in
her too short life she was so generous with her time, her friendship and
her many talents.

Cindy kept a diary called \"Having A Good Time: thoughts about my family
and other things.\" The very last thing she wrote in it was

> \"How can I not think every day that time is limited, especially when
> I wheeze just climbing the stairs. Certainly if there is life after
> death I am going to be a runner and I will run every day because I
> can.\"

We love her and miss her.

