---
layout: post
status: publish
published: true
title: Lunch Out
author:
  display_name: Edward
  login: admin
  email: edward@aldreth.com
  url: ""
author_login: admin
author_email: edward@aldreth.com
wordpress_id: 262
wordpress_url: http://tarrant.org.uk/2006/05/03/lunch-out/
date: "2006-05-03 21:41:13 +0100"
date_gmt: "2006-05-03 20:41:13 +0100"
categories:
  - Edward
tags: []
comments: []
---

<p>More washing!! Another three loads washed, sorted and away today.  Just about back to normal after Turkey and the Lake District.</p>
<p>I went for a long run this morning and my legs are aching now.  I haven't been running for about a month, I've done a lot of yoga and played squash and badminton though.</p>
<p>I had a lovely lunch at the City Screen with Michelle today.  She had been to the Star Inn, Harome with Mark and her boys for her birthday, so we compared notes on its deliciousness!!  My meal there with Cindy last <a href="https://tarrant.org.uk/2005/02/03/surprise-for-cindy/">February</a> is definitely about the best meal I've ever had.  In fact the whole experience was wonderful.  Michelle was equally impressed by the food, but didn't stay the night.  Quite fancy a trip back myself.  Anyone fancy a &pound;50 lunch?</p>
<p>Roast guinea fowl for tea, the butchers had a couple in, so I thought I'd try one.  Nice - stronger chicken, and the butcher's chickens are not good, so this was definitely a better alternative.  I think tomorrow I'm going to do the pea and feta soup that I had with my mum.</p>
<blockquote><p><strong>Pea and lemon soup with feta black pepper</strong></p>
<p>Frozen peas are fine to use - especially the sweet little petits pois - and are among the best vegetable sources of fibre and protein, and also contain vitamin C, iron and zinc. Serves 4.</p>
<p>2 tablespoons olive oil<br />
1 onion, peeled and roughly chopped<br />
1 red chilli, deseeded and roughly chopped<br />
4 garlic cloves, peeled and roughly chopped<br />
800g/1lb 10oz peas<br />
1 small round lettuce, leaves separated and washed<br />
1 litre/1&frac34; pints hot chicken or vegetable stock<br />
grated rind and juice of 1 unwaxed lemon<br />
75g/3oz feta cheese, crumbled into small pieces<br />
a few fresh mint leaves<br />
sea salt and freshly ground black pepper</p>
<ul>
<li>Heat the oil in a large pan and cook the onion, chilli and garlic for five minutes until softened.</li>
<li> Add the peas, lettuce leaves and hot stock and bring to the boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for five minutes until the peas are tender.</li>
<li>Take off the heat and, using a hand-held blender, roughly blitz until coarsely pureed. Stir in the lemon rind and juice and season with salt and plenty of black pepper.</li>
<li>Ladle into bowls and scatter over the feta and mint leaves.</li>
</ul>
</blockquote>
