---
title: Service for the Burial of Ashes of Cindy Tarrant
description: ""
date: 2005-09-27
permalink: 2005/09/27/service-for-the-burial-of-ashes-of-cindy-tarrant/
tags:
  - Cindy
author: Edward
comments:
  - id: 17
    author: Alison Forrester
    author_email: alison.forrester@sypct.nhs.uk
    author_url: ""
    date: 2005-09-28 12:51:06 +0100
    date_gmt: 2005-09-28 12:51:06 +0100
    content: >
      Thank you for this Edward - I felt I could share in the service by having
      all these beautiful words given in such detail. I will visit her grave
      with flowers (when I know where it is) and remember her with joy as well
      as sadness. Her spirit shines on as an inspiration to us all.


      Love Alison
type: Blog
---

Held at York Cemetery on  
 Tuesday 27th September 2005

**A Intro :-** We are met as a family to say our final farewell to Cindy
Tarrant and to commit her ashes to be buried.

\"Blessed are those who mourn for they shall be comforted.\"

**B A short period of silence to remember Cindy**

**C Readings, recollections, memories - by the family**

*1 Corinthians 15. 51-57 - Read by Mandy*

Now this I say, brethren, that flesh and blood cannot inherit the
kingdom of God; nor does corruption inherit incorruption. Behold, I tell
you a mystery: we shall not all sleep, but we shall all be changed - in
a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trumpet. For the
trumpet will sound, and the dead will be raised incorruptible, and we
shall be changed. For this corruptible must put on incorruption, and
this mortal must put on immortality. So when this corruptible has put on
incorruption, and this mortal has put on immortality, then shall be
brought to pass the saying that is written: \"Death is swallowed up in
victory.\"  
 \"O Death, where is your sting?  
 O Hades, where is your victory?\"

The sting of death is sin, and the strength of sin is the law. But
thanks be to God, who gives us the victory through our Lord Jesus
Christ.

*\"Remember Me\" by Christina Rossetti - Read by Jayne*

Remember me when I am gone away,  
 Gone far away into the silent land;  
 When you can no more hold me by the hand,  
 Nor I half turn to go yet turning stay.  
 Remember me when no more day by day  
 You tell me of our future that you plann\'d:  
 Only remember me; you understand  
 It will be late to counsel then or pray.  
 Yet if you should forget me for a while  
 And afterwards remember, do not grieve:  
 For if the darkness and corruption leave  
 A vestige of the thoughts that once I had,  
 Better by far you should forget and smile  
 Than that you should remember and be sad.

*From \"Having a Good Time. Thoughts about my family and other things.\"
One of Cindy\'s diaries - Read by Edward*

Certainly if there is life after death I am going to be a runner and I
will run every day because I can.

**D Committal** Since the earthly life of Cindy Tarrant has come to an
end we commit her ashes to be buried, ashes to ashes, dust to dust,
trusting in the infinite mercy of God. May she rest in peace.

<strong> Soil into grave</strong>

**E Short period of silence**

**F Prayer**  
 God of Love  
 who brought us to birth  
 and in whose arms we die:  
 in our grief and loss  
 give us hope  
 and embrace us with your love;  
 through Jesus Christ. Amen

Father of all, we pray to you for those we love, but see no longer.
Grant them peace, let light perpetual shine upon them, and in your
loving wisdom work in them the good purpose of your perfect will. Amen.

**G Closing words**

Help us in the face of the mystery of death to turn towards the future
that Cindy\'s  
 energy for other people  
 inspiration as a teacher  
 joy for life  
 and love for her friends and family  
 may live on in our lives

and at the end may we face death with the same courage that she showed.

++++++

\"May the souls of the faithful, by the mercy of God, rest in peace.\"

+++++++

