---
title: The Tasting Room
description: >-
  Lunch today at The Tasting Room York. Here is Edward and my restaurant review.
  Tucked away in the \'Latin Quater\'...
date: '2005-07-06'
permalink: /2005/07/06/the-tasting-room/
tags:
  - Edward & Cindy
author: Cindy
comments: []
type: Blog
---

Lunch today at The Tasting Room York. Here is Edward and my restaurant
review. Tucked away in the \'Latin Quater\' or behind Browns or near the
expensive knicker shop - nice bustiier in the window this week!

Wine fabulous Dona Isidora Reisling 2003 very chilled light dry and not
fruity something else that escapes my vocabulary, could have drunk
another bottle!

We ordered a seared tuna salad and a pancetta with yorkshire blue salad.
Both very respactable and delicious. Tuna by far the best buy;
substantial and warm. Very generous on the olives and the feta cheese
with the tuna worked really well. tuna moist and cooked beautifully.
Croutons poor, too big and the bread too stale. The pancetta and
yorkshire blue was a bit mean on both these ingredients which were both
delicious and left you wanting more. The sweet potato was passed off as
a garnish not appropriate given the lusty moorish nature of this lovely
vegetable and one of the key ingredients listed in the menu description
and so leading you to believe that it would feature quite prominantly.
Salad leaves gorgeous and a good variety only hope they don\'t come out
of one of those bags held together by a plethora of gases and chemicals.
E and I swapped our plates half way; I think he was reluctant to part
with the seared tuna!!

The sweet menu was expensive and I could spot nothing that I hadn\'t
seen before so we gave that a miss. Coffee was excellent. E ordered a
second cup that took ages to come, but then she didn\'t charge him for
it so fair doos. Tap water no problem and the waiteress was attentive to
notice when we neede more.

Service was excellent and the waitresses very attractive (E\'s comment
!!!!) Have to say our waitress was wearing a beautiful dress that was
certainly a cut above the average waitress garb. Does this kind of thing
enhance the whole meal experience?

Decor; very expensive nicely done, but I couldn\'t work out what all the
coat hooks were for (not really positioned for coats) Wall paper
particlarly good (although not matching at the corners can I believe
I\'m writing this particularly given how awful I proved to be on my one
and only wall paper hanging experience).

Conclusion: really nice and will definitely give their evening menu a
go.

