---
title: In the Lake District
description: ""
date: 2004-06-15
permalink: 2004/06/15/in-the-lake-district/
tags:
  - Edward
author: Edward
comments: []
---

Well - I needn\'t have dreaded it! The coach journey over to the Lake
District was fine, even quite pleasant, and after the first night when
the children were up till 2 in the morning (about what I expected), last
night was a pleasant surprise. Most of the children were tired enough to
get to sleep by 12. Some were awake later, but they managed to be
quiet(ish).

The activities on the whole are well run, the outdoor type things
particularly so. The ICT things are not as interesting, but the
Wheldrake adults are not needed to help with these, so I get a bit of a
breather every now and again - such as now. I\'ve particularly enjoyed
the quad biking and the fencing. I had a great time during an activity
called Nightline. The pupils had to go around a small assault course
blindfolded, during which time I was able to tickle them with a feather,
roar in their ears and scrunch dry leaves in their hair.

The food has been surprisingly good - I\'ve turned myself into a
vegetarian for the trip and as usual this means the food is better!
Vegetarian samosas and spicy potato wedges have been the highlight so
far, but most of it is fairly good. There always seems to be salads and
fresh fruit and there are also lots of water dispensers all over the
place, so plenty of chances to be healthy too.

I\'ve enjoyed the trip and am certain the kids have too, but it will be
very nice to be sleeping in my own bed tomorrow.

