---
title: 40th Wedding Anniversary
description: ""
date: 2004-05-12
permalink: 2004/05/12/40th-wedding-anniversary/
tags:
  - Extended Family
author: Cindy
comments: []
---

Sunday 9th May and Lance and Mary\'s 40th Wedding Anniversary. Sorted
out several weeks ago what everybody would like to do. So, there was
sarah on salads, Jane on champers, Katharine on puds and me on meat and
fish and a celebration cake.  
 We have tried to buy a sundial, but measurements of the sun\'s movement
have held things up a little and so this will be arriving later.  
 Arrived at 118 The Mount to assist Katharine with her puddings. She was
well in control and Simon was on baby sling duty so we were able to get
on with the final preparations. A table for 17 plus Jack plus Grace plus
Thomas. Goodness knows what we will do when they\'re sitting at the
table. L and M will have to move again and buy an even bigger table.  
 Jane arrived with Richard and Katherine from London. Anne came with Jan
and Roland. L and M arrived home from church followed by Edwaqrd and the
children from Meeting and finally Will and Sarah with the children.  
 Following on from drinks, to the table and crack open the champaign
with a toast from Edward and then on with the meal. There was a side of
salmon with hollindase sauce, salmon eye of beef, green and potato
salads, mozerella cheese with tomato and basil and pork pies. Lemon and
lime and deep chocolate tarts and fruit salad for pudding. A selection
of lovely cheeses that Jan brought.  
 To walk this lot off Mary took everybody down scarcroft road to look at
the progress in the allotment. John and Rose wanted to see if any frogs
had arrived in the pond attracted by the addition of the tadpoles the
other week, a present from Charles and Tanya\'s pond on the Hull road.  
 On return the cake was cut and tea and coffee made. Jan and Rowland had
to get away taking Anne with them and Richard and Katherine followed on
with a 6 o clock train to catch. Simon and Katherine departed with a
slightly grumpy Thomas and a had a good journey home. We cycled home
soon after. A lovely celebration that I think all enjoyed.

<wpg2>rubywed</wpg2>

