---
title: 4 February
description: ""
date: 2004-02-04
permalink: 2004/02/04/journal/
author: Cindy
comments: []
type: Journal
---

Have been having such a good time that I have not written anything here.

Edward and I had a wonderful time in Amsterdam for my birthday. Galleries, coffee shops, walks, canals and so on. Fantastic.

Great minimalist hotel room, but with everything we needed including a great shower!

Busy build up to Christmas.\
Had a day out in Beverley with Judy and bought an advent calendar at the Minster.

Good work/Christmas assemblies for John and Rose. Good to get to see them at last. John a 'tropical' dancer, Rose a 'mouse' with long, long snout.

Christmas week and my family came to Stamford Bridge. Meet up with Mandy + co for some last minute shopping.

We all go to carols at Meeting on Christmas Eve - everybody seemed to enjoy this.

Bucks fizz + smoked salmon on rye for Christmas breakfast with M + D, D + M, Amy + Tom. Lots of pressie unwrapping. All goes well. Then we go to L + M for Christmas lunch + more pressies. Jack + Grace are there with Will + Sarah. Jack is a delight an enormous baby and very sweet. Grace looking like a little dolly in a very designer outfit. Katharine getting larger and glowing with happiness, thank goodness. Simon over supportive. Jane + Andy.

And of course L + M putting on a super feast as always. So the dining table was very full and heavy with festive fare.

And so the holiday passes with lots of gatherings.

We go to a good new year's party John + Debbie's and drive home through heavy snowfall. Had a fun game of 'doodo', the children enjoyed themselves running all over the house and goodness knows wat they got up to.
