---
title: Back to School
description: ""
date: 2004-04-22
permalink: 2004/04/22/back-to-school/
tags:
  - Cindy
  - Days with the Children
  - Edward
author: Edward
comments: []
type: Blog
---

Well it\'s Thursday and we\'ve all been back at school since Monday. The
children seem to have all settled back in well and are enjoying
themselves. Toby did very well in maths and science tests at the start
of the week - thanks to all the revision he managed to do in the last
week of the holiday. John and Rose have both signed up to go on an
orienteering and a cross-country afternoon. John has been saying since
he saw the Great North Run on Blue Peter last year that he wants to do a
run and now\'s his chance. Edward is also back at school - only two
weeks one day to go before Y6 STAs start - arrgh.

Cindy expended so much energy during the holiday; particularly during
the last weekend, when we went to two things on Saturday **and** spent
the whole day out on Sunday; that she was absolutely wiped out. We
actually got the GP out on Sunday night in case she had an infection,
but she doesn\'t. She spent most of the day on Monday sleeping, slept
all Tuesday afternoon dozing and had a very quiet Wednesday too. She is
gradually recovering though - in fact she should be just about back to
normal when it\'ll be time to go back into hospital for her next
treatment next week!

I\'m just finishing next week\'s planning at school and then I will go
home. It\'s a lovely afternoon, and I\'m looking forward to going down
to the park with the children.

